# New chat



---



---

PseudoSapiens. 
Define sapiens. This is a meta intellectual artistic endeavor. 
I’m thinking about the integration of the anthropological story of human development and the archaeological record and the biblical narrative of creation. 
The Bible starts with the first day of creation where the earth is void and without form. This is not indicating that the Earth had just been created but rather that it had just been devastated by a mass extinction event 68 million years ago. This extinction level event, according to the geologic record, and the Bible gave rise to what would someday become the human species. It was the end of the age of reptiles. The Bible indicates that the serpent pre-existed creation of the first humans. The serpent represents the diminished version of the reptiles who have ruled the Earth before humans and the proliferation of the new species evolving.  The Bible story is the story of the evolution of this new species as the planet was re-developing over the course of what the Bible refers to as six days. On the sixth day, which was approximately 2 million years ago, several species of Homo existent. The missing Link  Refers to the genetic enhancements which the Bible describes as Adam being heavily sedated or put under for surgery, which opened him up, took a certain portion of him which they called a rib butt, which is really the ribbon of DNA. We may note to our great advantage that , the rib cage, when twisted actually looks like the DNA strand visually. This is the way the Bible encoded this knowledge, as simply a rib, because the human species would not be able to understand DNA for several thousands of years from the time of even the writing of the Bible.  thus the atom or Adam or atomic material as Adam was said to have been made from the dust, represents the creation of a certain DNA structure, which was then used to innocence, clone Adams DNA, and make Eve a compatible species. Eve was a species capable of producing viable or meeting with Adam and possibly producing viable offspring, depending on how the species develop together. Now, according to the biblical narrative, the serpent interferes with you in someway, offering for bidden form of knowledge or fruit, which is also called offspring. After this interference eve is then transformed because consequentially her child birth and labor becomes hard, and the domestic arrangement is said to now involve a hierarchy within the home between the man and the woman. Adam‘s fate is worse. He is sad to now have a harder time, making a living. And that he would die and go back to the dust. I believe this is because a new species was created with the interference of the serpent, and this lead to an imbalance in the environment, perhaps because this new species Will potentially out compete Adam in the environment. This new species was likely involved in some kind of tool use and this is what we know as the beginning of human societies and development. We see that Adam and eve used fig leaves to sew clothing. They also hit among the trees when they heard the presence of God, or the wind blowing through the garden. This indicates that this was still in arboreal species, but had some tool use an advanced skills, perhaps even making clothing. Over the course of the assuming 2 million years humans would interact beginning with the chronology in the Bible, with the descendants of Adam and eve, Cain and Abel Abel, being out competed by Cain Cain, potentially becoming the first cannibal because his crops did not grow because the ground was cursed. The Hebrew word for work in the Bible translates to worship, so Cain worked the land or worshipped the land. With the Bible described as the earth opening its mouth to swallow Ables blood seems to be a sacrificial ritual in which Cain slaughtered Abel, sacrificing his blood and his offering as we see in the Bible is unacceptable. In reality, this is the origin of the word cannibal because Cain-ate-Abel. The root is phonetic. The story of Cain finding a wife is interesting because that should not have been any humans yet for him to breed with. In fact they were not, but there were many forms of creation as we know simply, because in trying to find a suitable mate for Adam every kind of animal beast was brought to him, but none was found that was suitable. He simply named them. This indicates a bit of experimentation with the human DNA and other species. these are where are stories of Minotaurs and other half human half serpent or other kinds of species come from. In fact, Genesis tells the story of the mixing of all kinds of flesh. And this is the reason for the flood to destroy that and keep only one species alive . From that species, the earth would be filled and ruled, or they would have dominion eventually. Once they have established meaning, in order is finally at a scale of humanity, which indicates a mature understanding of our cosmic place and responsibilities on the earth, we will not join the fate of the Reptilians, who are destroyed before us  for their ambitions towards domination. They likely caused intergalactic war or the earth to be destroyed in someway. This is the technology that was again found. Once humans began to spread to the plains of Shinar. After the flood these humans began to try to go into outer space, and leave the earth for fear  that they would be scattered to the earth. This is the same thing that humans are doing today. These technologies were left by the ancient societies who were destroyed and humans as the created species to have dominion over the Earth are instructed to not follow in those footsteps.  unfortunately the serpents literally hell-bent on ruling the Earth interfered with the development of the human species early on. The mixing of the human or so-called human with the rep Tilian is evident in the vestigial reptilian brain and instincts in humans or what are pseudosapiens. The pseudo-Sapiens are competing arrival species who exist right now among us. These are Reptilians, who have chameleon like Shapeshifting abilities for blending in. These may be dormant and innate, even unknown to the average person. But there are those who, like snakes live among us and human skin line next to them in the bed, they cuddle up next to you, but in their hearts, they want to devour humanity.. Abraham seed was chosen to bring about a correction spiritually, and even to replace some of the other spurious DNA species that were here in the earth. God‘s plan to redeem man has to do with his his own way of rectifying, the balance of power and restoring order to the system, create. This has to do with the demonstration of Jesus Christ, known as the Messiah, or son of God, who understood the mechanical workings of the entire cosmos and creation. Understanding what man was created to do he knew what was in man. Therefore he brought back man who he was right to bring forth man to what God had planned him to be having dominion and complete authority over the earth. This is done through our rejection of the systems that have been used to enslave humanity. This began with what the Bible caused in Nefelim or the sons of milk or the Anna gnocchi, who  Had what the Bible refers to as giants or mighty men of reknown. These are what we usually refer to as demigods. They were rulers people who ancients, probably justified believe believed word of mixed dissent from different species. These rulers set up systems and type people all kinds of things that put us on the course to our current society. The Bible refers to the angels who taught this specifically Azazel. Azazal is who the scapegoat is sent into the wilderness to. When Jesus Christ performed the atonement for the world, it was not a sacrifice in which he was crucified. That would not have done anything in the Jewish tradition. Instead, Jesus understood the scapegoat ritual as atonement verse. He was the lamb who carried away the sins, therefore surviving, and that’s when the Bible speaks of Jesus, hiding in the wilderness or escaping for Ephraim, or Ephraim, in the wilderness, a refers to the three days or thousand year periods after the death of Christ, while the development of society, in azazels vision, grew to its current zenith. Naamah, the daughter of Lamech was married to Noah. Her brothers have been taught how to make weapons by these angels. She said to have given birth to the prince of all demons. Think then of hams indiscretion against his fathers nakedness, which, as Moses says, you should not sleep with your father‘s wife she is his nakedness. Thus we understand the curse of him son Canaan. But Canaan being the son of Naamah for Nimrod, who, having the knowledge and strength of for bidden, things, became mighty and a ruler. They begin to rebuild the cities in Shinar as soon man had to be dispersed, and all the knowledge split among humanity or else the serpent, what caused the destruction of all of humanity. Thus it will be a long road for humanity to regain their position, constantly doing battle with the serpent seed. The woman seed and the serpent seed have immunity between them. But Adam perished. We see that the Bible does not list a record of eves death . This is because she was the DNA of the original human species at the atomic level, put into a sequence that could contain all the information allowing the species to move forward. But eve being created as a compatible species was vulnerable to the serpent. So now I am that she exists within this  species of what we think of as one humanity. Homo sapiens sapiens. And reality there are pseudo- Sapiens. These devour humanity as Cain devoured Abel. Whether he outcompeted him in an anthropological sense or Evolutionaries view, or if he gave rise to cannibalism and pagan worship of earth, gods or what have you. The story of Jesus Christ is the story of teaching humanity. What is within man right now the kingdom of heaven. A trick which will be unfolded as revelation explains is that men have been told that the son of God was killed and resurrected, and that they must wait for him to return and someday long after they’re dead, they will rise again. This is the way to slave humanity through their ignorance. The resurrection teaching is the snare, the Bible talks about Jesus, one of the teachings of the Pharisees, who believe in the resurrection. He said that I am the resurrection. Man has been elevated because to all who believed on him, he gave powers to become sons of God . It is time for the son of man not the pseudo-man. 